we're down to two teams so for double
points what is the name of the purple
Teletubby Winky you're both
correct he always carried red purse max
is very competitive as am i it's one of
the reasons I fell in love with him
oh it's easy he was an incredible whole
Arab and another one mark ruffalo other
one lou ferrigno primal fear Richard
Gere never played the Incredible Hulk
hi Jesus Christ Norton guys what do you
say we do this at my house next week
this will be a game night to remember
oh boy tonight we're taking a game night
up a notch we don't need a board and we
do not need pieces we won't need an
extra rudeness either someone in this
room is going to be taken
oh I said learn a mystery party fine
whoever finds the victim wins the grand
prize keys to stingray
Josefa keys no Ryan the whole car oh
yeah
I says why don't we see the best a lot
all right bye
baby having those matches about to burn
this door down you're gonna light a fire
in a windowless room that we're trapped
in I gotta make my idea sound stupid
they're not gonna know what's real
what's fake
is this gun real Oh oh my god
I've always enjoyed that comradery of
good friends stuff and we don't
appreciate what we have until it's gone
oh because your wife left you
[Music]
so much worse okay I have one idea it's
so crazy it just might work
you're gonna crash the car into the
plane like Liam Neeson and taken three
he did that taking three huh
you missed it thanks baby
this is instructions on how to remove a
bullets didn't have rubbing alcohol so I
got you this lovely sharp good idea way
to pivot what is helpful in country
living oh that's the latest there's a
corn chowder recipe looks really good
huh
he loves corn chowder do ya
[Music]